# Project Writeup and Reflection

## Project Overview

- In this assignment, our goal is to create a tool that allows the user to input an Boston address and the tool would take the address name and return the closest MBTA stop in 5 miles. We prepare meta_helper to gather information from MBTA, finds a place's latitude and longitude, and returns the nearest MBTA stop and whether it is wheelchair accessible. We also use *flask* to design a web page that would ask for a place name and display all the returned results. The website would display *the nearest stop does not exist in 5 miles* if there is no stop in 5 miles. The website would display an error page and a link that will redirect the user back to the home page.

## Project Reflection
- For the assignment, one of the problems we encoutered is that we could not load our website. Every time when we attempted to process it, the browser always returned an error page. It took us quite a long time to figure out the potential cause and the corresponding solution. Eventually, we found out that it was due to the title of one of the folders. The name of that folder was "Code/code", which we basically added another "layer" to the folder. Thus, the code lost track and could not find the template folder where we stored all the indexes (ex. error page html). We will be careful with this type of issue when we are going through the term project. Although it was a small problem and we fixed it easily by deleting the folder, it would be very helpful for us to know this ahead of time. So we would not make the same mistake for the term project and spent too much time on a non-technical issue. It was a good opportunity for us to analyze a problem and attempted to solve it through different ways. Moving on, we expect to improve our working efficiency as well as our ability of problem analysis. We realized that our mind should not be bonded by only looking at the technical sides, such as correct usage of API keys or term definition. Details always matter and sometimes soft skill is also crucial during task-solving.
- We divided the work by working on the two parts of the project individually: Diana is responsbile for the web interface and Weijia is responsible for the data part. The overall process went well and the only problem we encountered would probably be our time difference issue which caused some communication delay. But by setting up a specific meeting time, we finished our individual parts and met together to go through certain obstacles. Through this project, this will also be the method that we will adopt for the term project. 